How to install GE

QUICKSTART
----------

ge is meant to be easy to configure.  Unpack it in your home directory.

Edit the file "config" in the ge-1.0 directory, and provide it
with your username as explained/required in that file under "MANDATORY"

Then type 

./configure

Then you are ready to launch ge by typing,

./ge

ADDITIONAL NOTES
----------------

Reconfiguration

There are several reasons to reconfigure: you've changed servers which host
your screen + emacs sessions,
you've updated ge, or you want to change some other configuration options.

ge mostly lives in its own directory, so to get rid of it, you can delete
the directory it lives in.  Note that you will probably want to save the 
file 'config' which specifies your options that you set, and 'hostname_ge'
which tells you where you left your screen+emacs session.

The configuration process makes changes to your .emacs files by requiring
certain additional emacs init files to be loaded (from the configuration directory),
so you will need to comment those references out.  It adds the code in the
ge emacs.d directory to your .emacs.d directory.
It also adds a file .bash_history_emacs to your home directory, 
which you may want or may not want to delete. 

In version 2.0, there will be an uninstall script for version 1.0,
which automatically takes care of cleaning up the first installation for you.

In the case you are updating or reinstalling, you will probably want to save
and/or copy over your 'config' and 'hostname_ge' files.  Your autosaved workgroup/desktop
files will persist in your .emacs.d directory under 'desktop' and 'workgroups'.

In addition, you should also reconfigure if you are installing ge on multiple
computers if they have separate home directories from the central servers you SSH into
so that you will be able to log into your remote computers from
that computer.


LIMITATIONS
-----------

ge currently assumes that the server you will be running screen + emacs on
also has some network storage that persists and is accessible even if the
particular server you will be connecting to is down, or has been rebooted.

For example, moons.cs.unm.edu is backed by a person's NFS share and connects
to one of the many moons/machines.

In future releases (version 2.0 next week), this limitation will be removed
using rsync to store a local copy on a machine of your choosing.
