ge -- Get Emacs.  

Version 1.0

"We are born, we run ge, and then we live in screen + emacs our entire life,
 until we finally detach for the last time" 

--Harry Snow after a quotation by Dave Ackley

GENERAL DESCRIPTION
-------------------

ge stands for get emacs.  ge is a simple command line script that lives in
your home directory or a directory of your choosing and either starts a 
screen + emacs session for you, reattaches to an existing screen + emacs
session where you last left it, or if that session has ended for any reason,
restarts it either on the same server or server group, or on another server 
or server group.  While it will save buffers, search and command histories,
variables, frames, and windows, there may be parts of your session that don't 
persist after your screen + emacs session goes down.  This is especially true 
of special buffers.   ge builds on existing tools including the native emacs
session saving capabilities and is designed to run on emacs 23 or later. 
As these tools mature, ge should be able to save more aspects of your sessions. 

The motivation for this script was to provide an optimum mix of currently 
available emacs packages for saving, managing and persisting your sessions,
and to avoid the situation where you and everyone else has to spend hours
configuring and testing various config files just to have this functionality.
On top of this, it provides two letter UNIX-style command access to your 
screen + emacs session, and has the ultimate goal when it is fully realized
of allowing  you to live in your screen + emacs session for a long as you want.

GENERAL NOTES
-------------

The INSTALL file contains instructions on how to install ge.  
Before installing, you will need to supply your username in the 
file named "config" in this directory.

Installation should put all the files you will need to use ge in the
correct place on your computer or server.  

ge is currently configured to work best when it is downloaded to your NFS
share on a UNM CS Department computer, unziped in your home folder, and used
from there.  It is also designed to run on a Linux/BSD computer you might have.
Full support for running it on arbitrary Linux computers connected to arbitrary
servers will be released in version 2.0 next week.

The emacs.d directory contains the files that will be loaded when emacs starts.

The configuration directory contains configuration files that you don't need to
edit.  

USAGE
-----

Usage is fairly simple.  Basic usage involves typing ge to create or connect to 
a session , and then C-z d when you are done to disconnect from the session.  

Advanced usage takes full advantage of the session managers included with ge,
and is described below.

BASIC USAGE

You type 'ge' in the location where it's installed and it will either start 
a new session on the server you have chosen, it will resume an existing 
session on that server, or it will restart a session on that server or an 
alternate server.

When you are done with your session and want to disconnect you type 

C-z d   

to disconnect.  When you type ge again, ge reattaches to this session if it still 
exists or recreates as much of it as possible if it doesn't.

ADVANCED USAGE

In addition, you can use all of the session management features of 
workgroups2:

Workgroups are an arrangement of windows, frames and buffers that
you wish to preserve in that configuration.  Workgroups allow you to have
separate configurations for separate editing tasks.

workgroups2 commands are all prefixed with C-c z

(C-c z) c              to create a workgroup
(C-c z) C-s            to save your session
(C-c z) C-f            to load another session
(C-c z) A              to rename a workgroup
(C-c z) k              to kill a workgroup
(C-c z) v              to switch to a workgroup

workgroups2 was chosen for its potential ultimately to save special buffers.
If anyone wants to contribute code to save special buffers that you may use
(such as emacs tetris?), workgroups2 code is hosted at:
https://github.com/pashinin/workgroups2/tree/master


AUTHOR
------

ge was written and packaged by Harry Snow (harrys@cs.unm.edu) for
Dave Ackley's CS591 course.  It includes code, binaries and config linked
to from the Emacs Wiki and from around the internet including 
Sergey Pashinin's workgroups2.


ACKNOWLEDMENTS
--------------

My classmates in UNM's CS 591, Spring 2015 made a number of valuable suggestions
and comments.

Dave Ackley, our teacher, suggested/requested a separate history for 
bash shell commands for shells opened within emacs.



BUG REPORTS AND COMMENTS
------------------------

Please send bug reports and comments to harrys@cs.unm.edu
Please also take the ge SurveyMonkey user survey:

https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/KVLYV6T


LICENSE
-------

ge is released under a GPLv3 license, and further subject to the licenses 
of its various components.  See the file COPYING in this directory.
# get-emacs
